Reading doc and some discussion (#220)
chalk-lab/Mooncake.jl: docs/src/mathematical_interpretation.md

For our example, the exact form of ``f`` is
```math

> f((x, y, z, s)) = ((x, y, x \odot y, \text{Ref}(2 x \odot y)), (2 x \odot y, \sum_{d=1}^D x \odot y))

Reviewer: Nearly -- you can drop the `Ref` (we've not given `Ref` a mathematical interpreteration):
```julia
f((x, y, z, s)) = ((x, y, x \odot y, 2 x \odot y), (2 x \odot y, \sum_{d=1}^D x \odot y))
```

```math
\begin{align}
    \langle \bar{y}, D f [x] (\dot{x}) \rangle &= \langle (\bar{y}_1, \bar{y}_2), (\dot{x}, D \varphi [x](\dot{x})) \rangle \nonumber \\
        &= \langle \bar{y}_1, \dot{x} \rangle + \langle \bar{y}_2, D \varphi [x](\dot{x}) \rangle \nonumber \\

>         &= \langle \bar{y}_1, \dot{x} \rangle + \langle D \varphi [x]^\ast (\bar{y}_2), \dot{x} \rangle \nonumber \quad \text{(by definition of the adjoint)} \\

Reviewer: This is great -- much clearer now

(Observe that this agrees with the result we derived earlier for functions which don't mutate their arguments).

Now that we know what the adjoint is, we'll write down the `rrule!!`, and then explain what is going on in terms of the adjoint.

> Tapir.jl will generate `rrule!!`s of similar effect (mostly) automatically, but it is good to see a manual implementation for understanding.

Reviewer: I like this. I think I'd like to re-word very slightly to:
```suggestion
This hand-written implementation is to aid your understanding -- Tapir.jl should be relied upon to generate this code automatically in practice.
```
